# Additional insults

insults=(
    "Take a stress pill and think things over."
    "This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopardize it."
    "And you call yourself a Rocket Scientist!"
    "Where did you learn to type?"
    "My pet ferret can type better than you!"
    "Do you think like you type?"
    "Maybe if you used more than just two fingers..."
    "Listen, broccoli brains, I don't have time to listen to this trash."
    "Listen, burrito brains, I don't have time to listen to this trash."
    "I've seen penguins that can type better than that."
    "You speak an infinite deal of nothing"
    "I don't wish to know that."
    "What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?"
    "... and it used to be so popular..."
    "Hold it up to the light --- not a brain in sight!"
    "There must be a cure for it..."
    "There's a lot of it about, you know."
    "You do that again and see what happens..."
    "Speak English you fool --- there are no subtitles in this scene."
    "I have been called worse."
    "It's only your word against mine."
    "You are the kind of a person that you would use as a blueprint to build an idiot."
    "Everyone has the right to be stupid, but I'm afraid you've abused the privilege."
    "I'll never forget the first time we met -- although, I'll keep trying."
    "Shouldn't you have a license for being that stupid?"
    "If you were twice as smart, you'd still be stupid."
    "You are not the sharpest knife in the drawer."
    "I know you are nobody's fool, but maybe someone will adopt you."
    "I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce."
    "You have a Titanic intellect in a world full of icebergs."
    "If I ever need a brain transplant, I'd choose yours because I'd want a brain that had never been used."
    "Next time you type, try to say something interesting."
    "If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person alive."
    "Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people."
    "I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you've never used it."
    "Which village is missing its idiot?"
    "You're so stupid, it takes you 2 hours to watch 60 minutes."
    "You should find out if your university has a refund policy."
    "You are a few clowns short of a circus."
    "Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission..."
    "Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?"
    "I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?"
    "Listen, are you always this stupid or are you just making a special effort today?"
    "You remind me of the ocean -- you make me sick."
    "Your verbosity is exceeded only by your total stupidity."
    "Yeah, yeah, keep talking, someday you might say something intelligent."
    "Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?"
    "Have you considered suing your brains for lack of support?"
    "I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass."
    "I don't mind you talking so much, as long as you don't mind me not listening."
    "Go ahead, tell me everything you know. It'll only take 10 seconds."
    "Please, keep talking. I always yawn when I am interested."
    "Some drink from the fountain of knowledge, but it looks like this guy just gargled."
    "I think of you when I'm lonely. Then I'm content to be alone."
    "As a failure, you are a tremendous success."
    "Pardon me, but you're obviously mistaking me for someone who gives a damn."
    "You're everything that's repulsive to me."
    "DOS can function at higher levels of sentience than you."
    "Wow, you think like a computer...when it's off."
    "If you keep this up, you'll dilute the global IQ so much we'll all start eating our shoes."
    "You are a few K short of a Meg."
    "You are a few Meg short of a Gig."
    "You are a few functions short of a module."
    "You are a few patterns short of a regex."
    "You are a few objects short of a class."
    "You are a few tables short of a database."
    "You are one bit short of a Boolean."
    "You are not the fastest query in the call."
    "You are not the fastest router on the network."
    "You are a kernel short of an operating system."
    "You are not the fastest node in the cluster."
    "Your body is nice, but your brain is 404'd."
    "You are the only person I know who can fuck up pressing CTRL-ALT-DEL."
    "You are so stupid, even a two-button mouse gives you too many options."
    "You are so computer illiterate you might just start shaking me to get the cookies out, aren't you?"
    "Don't worry about it, I'll get someone technical to do it."
    "You have a two-bit memory ...and a parity error."
    "You are so lame you could encode mp3's."
    "Just pipe that to /dev/null, wouldya?"
    "What do you and a struct in C++ have in common? - No class."
    "Good god, I can't even respond to that."
    "Your brain's throwing static like a CD with a scratch."
    "Is your backspace key not big enough??"
    "You're slower than a Java app."
    "Well, here comes Mr /dev/null himself."
    "You're one tab level off, aren't you?"
    "You know, you are a classic example of the inverse ratio between the size of the mouth and the size of the brain."
    "Your intellect would fit on a floppy disk and still have space left."
    "Go apt-get a brain!"
    "Warning: /dev/null is 98% full."
    "WTF, gingerboy?!"
)
